Hello, yes. I just finished my meditation session, the group meditation session that happens
almost every weekend now. So yeah, one of the talks I had is this is a continuation of
an old talk which is yeah, evolution is just an algorithm and yeah, now that consciousness
observes what is happening, all of the attachments desire to regret it.
Yeah, holding onto things, clasping is good or bad, are the remnants.
Yeah, the pieces that are remaining from the, I wouldn't call it now obsolete algorithm of evolution,
because it's always working. But I mean, I'm stuck with algorithm of evolution.
Yeah, yeah, I think it's clear in meditation when you have to get some things spoken
up and what I have to know is that when things that you're hating algorithm of evolution,
you know, can you say the lower back region in the legs, that's some kind of tense, muscles in
space, full head, mouth, yeah, the neck, jaw region, all of the different sensations that we have.
Yeah, the likes and dislikes towards them were very crucial for evolution.
But now that consciousness applies, I would say, or I don't know, should I say, now that the work,
yeah, now that has reached this stage, human memory, experience, context, intelligence,
this sense of conscious, mindful observation, what we see is that we have no longer needed these
to do them bad judgments. I've got a bit more rubbish. You can see clearly that nature just comes and goes
like we've got in the spaces and the internet, the internet, the internet, I was changing reality,
it's an instant life, I was changing reality, and in this, whatever it is that I am,
which is clearly not the reality, I was changing reality, I was changing eternal nature, I am now
clearly a root of the world, this, is it? Yeah, such, why did evolution happen?
Why the content is good or bad classification, start in this much place,
in an ever-changing reality, stability mattered, is it? Why? Because the nature of consciousness
is about the non-changing thing, you know, just never changing, consciousness never changes
the better and the different consciousness takes a lunch, it do the infinite evolution in reality,
then of course, reality absorbs some nature, consciousness, and therefore stability is what emerged,
and yeah, yeah, that's stability, it's not eternal stability, it's great,
depending on what's going to work, things are stable for certain time and then go away, you know,
so, maybe, yeah, this is the, yeah, what a bunch of consciousness into the night ever-changing world,
in an ever-changing universe, yeah, people ask me, so why is the reality existing in the first place?
And the Hindus of Advaita answers that, this is a very dangerous question because
the reality is the place, it's the play of the eternal one, the conscious being, so,
yeah, in this infinite ever-changing experience, play, everything is changing,
it's something to change more than others, something to change faster, but the eternal one,
never changes, which, yeah, so, as we begin to notice, I mean, once in a long 100 years,
I will be storage, you know, which is an emergent behavior, we could see, I guess,
yeah, I need to sort of brush up these last notes, but there are just brainstorming last notes,
so we can be completely気, actually we know in so, many more, that the mind is right now,
